Great phone,5,"Phone works great. Features are different than previous phones (I had a really old one), but I got used to it quickly."
poor battery life,3,"was so disappointed in the battery life. i've shut off all that's not necessary or i don't use and yet the battery doesn't last long. i need to keep it in low battery mode and i put it in airplane mode when not using it. my old iPhone 5 had a better battery. the only thing better than my old phone is the camera but it's not like i'm taking professional pictures that i needed a better camera. by this time, apple should have a fantastic product. AND, the phone has only been out ONE week and ALREADY THEY HAVE AN UPDATE. Very disappointed in this phone that is that expensive!"
Poor battery,2,phone very seldom used.Battery won't hold a charge
Great phone for all ages,5,I would recommend the iPhone 8 for all age groups. It is large enough to see easily but not too large for my pocket. It is like having a computer in my pocket!
Great phone for all ages!,5,My new iPhone 8 is larger than my iPhone 5s but not too large for my pocket. It is easier to read and has many functions that I use!
It's an iPhone,5,Have been a apple fan for years. Went from a 6 to an 8. It's faster but I'm still getting used to the multi touch.
Great phone for anyone,4,"Love this phone, the size is perfect and the camera is amazing!"
Good Phone,4,I bought this for my son. He seems to really like it.
iPhone 8,5,I really like this phone. It replaced an iPhone 6 and works great. Fast processor and really good camera. Easy to setup.
Love it!,5,"Love my iPhone 8!! Upgraded from 6 so well worth the upgrade! Love the camera, wireless charging and speed!"
"Nice, but the 6 was a great phone!",4,"Really not huge changes from the 6 to the 8s IPhone. Yes, size matters, but I wouldn’t have purchased a new phone if the 6 didn’t have some malfunctioning. Just TOO expensive!"
A slight upgrade,4,This iPhone is a little faster than the 6s I had. Also the battery lasts longer. Otherwise it is pretty much the same.
Apple continues to strive,5,Excellent feature and much better than my 6s I phone
Apple FTW,5,Apple again has made great improvements. Never failed to impress
So far so good,4,iPhone 8 has a new feel but it's very fast. I think I'm going to like it when I figure out how to plug headphones in.
needed to upgrade,5,"Just the right size, easy to use, nice upgrade.This phone is what I was looking for."
Good battery life,5,"The battery life on this phone is great. I can go the day without charging the phone, and that’s with heavy use."
I am happy,5,I needed a new phone badly.. And this phone works great..
Reliable Apple product that does not disappoint,5,My experience buying and now using th new iPhone 8 has been nothing short of fantastic. This phone is 64 gig. The hey Siri feature is amazingly convenient. The advanced camera is a lot more fun to play with.
Great Version of the Iphone,5,"This version of the Iphone is great! While it is bumming that the home button is not a button anymore, the camera can take excellent quality photos and the operating system is fast and reliable."
Great phone,5,"I can't wait to set it up, it seems like a really big improvement!"
"so far, so good",5,Was going to gt a 7 but the price difference for the added features made the upgrade worthwhile. Still need to get to the Apple Store for learn about the newer features
Great product,4,Great product. Excellent upgrad from I phone 6. Great Camera
Great phone.,5,We always buy Apple phones and the wife loves this phone.
Absolutely great,5,"Had the iPhone 6 so this is a big step up, but it’s amazing the features that this phone brings"
Great Phone,5,For the price It was worth it. I upgraded from 6 plus. If you have the 7 it isn’t worth upgrading to the 8. IOS 11 is beautiful.
It’s Solid,5,Owned a IPhone 6 (kept it as a backup) and purchased the 8 straight up. On the surface they look quite similar but don’t let that fool you. The thing is wickedly fast. I simply didn’t care about the X coming out. Spending a grand on a phone is the end of the line for me. Get it if you have a 6 or older. You’ll be happy. No problems at all.
Great phone,5,Great to deal with walked in to the mobile store and 20 minutes later walked out with a new phone. Didn’t have to make an appointment like other places at the mall.
New phone,3,I was excited to buy new iPhone 8 and it was a quick purchase.
Love my new Iphone8,5,I bought an iPhone 8plus and after a few days returned it for an Iphone8. The Plus was too big and the 8 is perfect
All in one,5,"Prons,
Big screen
No freezing
Camera resolution
4G LTE

Cons:
Slippery surface. Need cover
Medium antenna"
Replacement phone,5,Upgraded my dads phone because his old phone was goin out
At last a TOP OF THE LINE,5,Could not have waited any longer...this phone is superlative in all aspects. Everyone should buy this Apple...
Not exactly as expected,4,"Great phone and works much better than my 5s, a little disappointed on the camera though. Thought it had more options and updates, I probably should’ve read more reviews. Possibly would’ve gotten the plus just for the added camera benefits."
Easy to use,5,So far so good. It has features that are very useful.
Excellent phone,5,"Didn’t regret my purchase, loving my new phone. Best Buy"
Faster more convenient navigation,5,Love my new iPhone! No cracks like my old 6 and the battery lasts all day.
Great camera. Beautiful phone,5,I love the thin sleek design and the sound and picture quality.
Good phone,4,Purchased for family member phone seems the same but was told processor is a bit quicker
Great phone & camera,5,"Easy to use & program, goodbattery life,superb camera & screen resolution."
Great iPhone,5,Bought these for my teen daughter’s. They’re solid phones.
Solid iphone 8,4,"Nice upgrade from an iphone 5S. Faster processor, better camera, more memory all are improvements. Initial cell data reception issues seem to be resolved with the last OIS update. Needed a new phone immediately so could not wait for the X. This phone is solid but not revolutionary."
Solid,4,Phone is Great. Battery life is best I’ve seen from and iPhone yet. Also the glass seems to be stronger. Time will tell. Love they want back to there original black shade.
Great phone,5,Love the camera. The space on the phone is excellent. Should have all phones start with 64 gigabytes.
Good upgrade from old iPhone,4,"This phone is a nice upgrade from the Apple iPhone 5s. You have to use an adapter for headphones if you want to use your own wired headphones, which is a bit annoying at first."
Great phone,4,"This phone was well worth the wait. The color is perfect, the camera takes phenomenal pictures, and the size is just right."
Great phone,5,I upgraded from an iPhone 6. The speed of the processor on this phone is definitely noticeable. I didn’t think I would notice a difference but I do. I’m so happy that I did not wait upgrade!
Love this phone!,5,I upgraded from an iPhone 6. The speed of the processor on this phone is definitely noticeable. I didn’t think I would notice a difference but I do. I’m so happy that I did not wait upgrade!
Great!,5,Love the phone and color it’s just great! The processing system is so fast!
Great phone!,5,The iphoneb8 plus is a great phone. The phone itself is sleeker and much faster than the 6 I previously owned.
Nice,5,It is a nice phone. It has a great camera. I like it.
Nice,5,It is a nice phone. The camera is great. I like it.
Great iphone,4,"Great phone, but then again it is a iphone so that is expected. Love the waterproof feature, but wish it had an audio jack."
ok phone,3,"I would not bother with upgrading if you have an iPhone 6s or better. My battery on my 6s was not lasting as long as I would like so I decided to upgrade. Don’t feel like anything earth shattering came of it, and in hindsight it would probably have been better to just replace the battery on my 6s. Having said that there is nothing wrong with this phone, but it was an expensive purchase for not that much more utility. It does fee nicer to hold though"
Love my new phone.,5,I love how easy it was to transfer my data. Just as easy to use as my iPhone 6.
iPhones are as good as iphones,4,If you like no control and be protected from everything then get an iPhone.
Great phone,5,"Excelent, i had the old iphone 5 and this is such a great upgrade"
Get customers service .,5,Get service from the seller. I was very superpleased
Great phone,5,Easy to use good replacement for my iPhone 6. camera awesome
5 stars!,5,"Great phone for regular people, easy to use UI. All tech enthusiasts should get the X instead."
Great camera,5,I love this upgrade iphone 8 and love the color too
The best,5,"Best phone ever...I am so glad I waited, skipped the 7 and love my iPhone 8"
Brand new iPhone 8,4,So far so good. Camera is the best thing about the new iPhone. If you take a lot of pics you'll notice a significant difference.
Great Phone,5,I had had apple products in the past and decided to try a Samsung S8 plus it was a nice phone but I never got used to the andriod OS upgraded to the iPhone 8 and love it.
Great iPhone,4,Love the size of my iPhone. Love the capabilities.
Excellent phone,4,"I-phone 8 is up to the task. A little pricey, but an attractive and solid device, with very good battery response. I like then size and the screen resolution is great. Design change for headphones was unnecessary, but at least they give you an adapter."
Great phone,5,Love this phone. So far so good. Nice upgrade from the IPhone 6 that I was using.
Is good my cell phone,5,I continue to buy in this store everything necessary for me and my children because I always feel very well attended by its employees and all its staff the products that I buy are of very good quality thanks for listening to me
Iphone 8,5,Great phone but not much difference from the iphone 7
Works nicely,5,The biggest change from the 7 is the wireless charging
No new bells but works great,4,"No new bells and whistles in terms of function, but the processor works great."
Great Phone,4,We love the iPhone 8....good size memory for price
Very fast.,5,"Simple upgrades on the 7, as opposed to the more innovative X, this is a nice, familiar package with significant speed upgrades"
Nice upgrade from 6s,4,"Wanted to upgrade from 6s and this is nice option, standard apple features, could have waited for 10"
Love it,5,I had to pick between the 8 and the X. The money per month was negligible. I am still a fan of the classic iPhone design.
iPhone 8 check,5,"Made my return to iPhone after a 4 year break. The previous discount provider was ok, but android can’t meet iPhone quality. The 8 is smooth, sleek, and easy to transition for me. Great product."
Great purchase,4,"I love my new iPhone 8. The camera is fabulous. I still dont like the button that isnt a button anymore, but other than that its a great phone."
Fantastic!,5,Amazing phone! The upgrade was much worth it! Excellent!
Really enjoy this phone,5,I really like how the phone looks and works really great!
Great phone overall,5,I really like this new phone! I would recommend it to anyone
Takes Great Photos,5,Great for a replacement for my iPhone 5s. Very responsive.
iPhone For my sister,5,"The product is as described. I am still a preferred android user, this was a gift for my sister."
Perfect phone for me!,5,"Huge upgrade from my old i phone! Bigger screen, better camera good size."
Phone is dope,5,"Siri has really stepped her game up. It's like having Alexa in your pocket, plus a great camera, etc."
Love this phone,5,Great phone I love it .. although I hate the lighting adapter for headphones
Wow !!!,5,Great phone! Too many options to mention. Great battery life. Camera is crazy good!
Upgrade,5,Upgraded from the iPhone 6 and notice a big difference.
Love the new features,5,I love the upgrade to my phone and the new features
Great phone!!,5,My son loves this new phone. The camera is awesome and the convenience of the charging pad is great.
Worth the upgrade,5,"If you have an iPhone 6 or earlier, this is a worthy upgrade. Battery life is noticeably faster than my iPhone 6. There's a bit of a learning curve getting used to the new ""Home"" button, but it's worth the upgrade if you're eligible for it."
Love My IPhone,5,"I have always been an iPhone, or Apple user. My wife and I both have iPhones, we both have MacBooks, and everything just syncs and works together great. Now I’ve always been the plus size user but I decided to get the regular iPhone this time and not much different but getting use to the screen. Resolution is on point. Pictures are great. Wireless charging is the best function I have found so far. I am a neat and organized person, I am that person that has a spot for his keys, wallet, wedding ring, and phone. Now I’ve got my wireless charger next to my box that holds all my other stuff and it’s great. Don’t have to worry about plugs or anything when you leave, especially when you are in a hurry. Great phone."
iPhone 8,5,What is there to say...it’s an iPhone. Wouldn’t purchase any other brang
Daughter so far loves it,5,Daughter says it is working above par versus her iphone 6 for which she replaced it with!
Everything and more,5,"Everything I read about the 8 is amazing. I just came from a 6 and my experience is a day to night difference. It’s clearer, sharper, faster, and just flows. I don’t have the plus for the portrait feature but I still love my pictures. They’re really crisp. Don’t know if this feature is new to 8 but on photo mode you can change the color mode before taking the pictures that’s interesting. There’s a free app I found for creative editing that starts with Pris and that’s real fun. My phone is beautiful I love looking at it. It’s silver it’s so pretty I had to find a nice clear case so I can admire it. Got it on opening day and I have nothing to complain about."
Great Phone,5,awesome phone does everything it says it does plus new glass back looks sick
Iphone 8 Plus,5,Great looking phone. Nice camera. Works faster than my iphone 6 plus. Very Happy.
New iPhone is best ever,5,Easier to use. Updates happen faster. Lighter. Thinner.
Awesome!,5,Loving my new iPhone 8! Super fast compared to my old iPhone 6
Battery charges so quick,5,"My biggest complaint about the 7 was the battery life. No more complaining, the 8 is awesome. Charges quick and doesnt drain immediately!"
Great gift,5,Have been waiting for this product to get on market. Gift was well received.
It is easy to use,5,It is very easy to use and I would highly recommend it to anyone
Nice phone.,5,Nice looking phone. Great camera. Home button is a little stiff.
Love it,5,Upgrade from a 6 and the differences are few but improved and best thing same home charger and car charger just needed to change case because of camera but that is no biggie!
Typical iPhone - Just Works!,5,"I have had 3 iPhones and love the way they just work. I know many of the Android phones compete and maybe even have more features. I have thought about switching at times. The thing that keeps me coming back is incremental improvements to a great phone that works. The breadth of the app store is incomparable. The iPhone 8 isn't much different from the previous generation, but it does seem to be a lot faster. It has good battery life. I miss the headphone jack but am finding ways to work around the change."
Great phone,5,"You can't go wrong with an iPhone and the iPhone 8 is awesome! Nice size, super fast."
Great phone with one minor concern,4,"Bought for my wife to replace her iPhone 6. It was a great replacement. Only minor concern (that seems to be a know issue and being addressed) is there seems to be a crackling sound coming from ear speaker when making phone calls. Thought I saw an update to “fix” the issue, but didn’t seem to work for ours on 11.0.2"
Works great,4,"My wife love it, she has plenty of storage for her pictures. Seems lighter than the other iPhone we had, just slight larger."
Great for Seniors,4,"Easy to use, more apps than necssary for a Senior Citizen. Easy to use and read as stated, plenty of storage."
No learning curve,5,I had no learning curve to go through. I upgraded from my IPHONE 6 and was pleasantly surprised at how user friendly it is.
"Great Phone, Same Design",4,"This is a great option over the iPhone X, on paper it will be just as fast with a smaller and lower resolution screen and a lower price point. It feels great to hold and familiar which I don't mind. I would not upgrade if you have a 7, but if you are coming from a 6 it is worth it."
Once and Apple always and Apple,5,I used to use samsung and then i switched to Apple. I have had apple for the last 5 years. I will never go back to Samsung
Great phone,5,I just recent my bought the iPhone 8 and I’m in Love with it !
Great phone,5,Easy to transition from an i6 to the i8. We love the camera.
Great phone,5,Great phone as always from Apple. Camera is excellent!!
Love the wireless charging capability,5,The camera is phenomenal and the phone's processor is snappy. The augmented reality applications are sharp. IOS 11 has not disappointed.
iPhone 8 is great!,5,I am happy with my iPhone 8 and the service I got.
Great phone,5,"Finally talked my parents into upgrading, the process went smoothly at the store and restoring from their old phones went better than expected."
IPhone 8,5,"Great phone, love it, best phone ever! Perfect size, color, cameras great"
awesome iPhone,5,Like the iPhone 8 not the plus. Has lot of good features. One that is really great is you can now type with one hand.
Good phone,4,"Apple is overrated, too expensive for most folks. I do like the keyboard"
Best Iphone yet,5,Great Screen. Great Camera. The phone is very fast and smooth.
Smoothest one yet.,5,"The iPhone 8 is the most comfortable device yet. Very efficient operations.
It appears that all around apps Transferring was very smooth. Highly recommended"
Same as 6,4,"Just needed to upgrade, old phone was about to give out. I dont see TOO many new features."
Best iPhone yet!,5,"Even though there aren’t many differences from the iPhone 7 to the iPhone 8, this phone is faster. I am very happy with my purchase."
Best iPhone Yet,5,"Replaced my broken iPhone 6s with an iPhone 8. Fast, great display, most of the technology of the iPhone X, $300 less and available now."
iPhone best one yet,5,2017’s iPhone 8 is a Premium feel and great screen resolution
iPhone 8,5,iPhone 8 Need a new phone my old iPhone 6 dided today so I went too replace it
Cool and high tech!,5,"My son always had iPhone but was given an android phone last year. He wasn't happy with it and switched back to Apple. Great decision, iPhone 8 is way better than anticipated."
Got space since it's 64,5,"Love my new phone, works great this is my 3rd Apple phone"
Great upgrade on the camera!!!!,5,The iPhone 8 has the feel of my 6s yet the features are “upgraded”...lI’ve my new camera niecmy pics are more “crisp”
Great camera great phone,5,I am loving it. You will too. This has been a awesome upgrade for me.
Love it,4,I love the sleekness of the phone and it’s many upgraded apps.
"Essentially the 7, but a nice phone",5,"The phone feels and behaves a lot like the 7 (battery, size, etc) but the glass back gives it a nice look. A pretty solid phone all in all if you want to retain the touch ID sensor."
I turned it in to get a 264GB instead,4,"It was fine, but I was not happy that I chose 64GB (stupidly!). My fault, so giving it 4 stars since it couldn't help that it had tiny storage."
Another Good Apple product upgrade,4,"Love the phone. Glad they included the wired headphones as I didn't want to drop another wad of cash for the BT earbuds. In the US, 95% of phones are iPhones; globally 95% are Android. Being in the US with an iPhone is just good common sense (price not considered!). Didn't wait for the X, as I'm just not going to jump that hurdle of a grand for a portable, breakable, easy to lose device."
Solid phone,5,Bought the iPhone 8 for my kids. No complaints so far and jealous that they now have a better phone than I do.
Great phone upgrade,5,Works great amazing camera nice clean screen very happy
Great iPhone,5,"From my iPhone 6, It is great improve. Good response and high performance camera."
Great phone!!,5,"The only thing better than an iPhone, is an iPhone."
Nice and slick new iphone,4,"same good old iPhone, nice and slick, felt really nice in hands and seems like having fast chip works well."
A great phone.,4,"Probably not worth it if you're upgrading from an iPhone 7, but if you're doing the Verizon payment plan, why not, right?

Upgrades are:

- Faster processor
- Wireless charging (this method charges very slowly; only beneficial overnight)
- (I think) faster cable charging. I can usually get 80% battery life in about an hour.
- Slightly better camera

That's really it. I upgraded from that iPhone SE, and that seemed very fast (it ran the same processor as a 6S). I mean honestly, at a certain point faster processors won't matter.

The glass back is very pretty, but the outer rim is still aluminum so it is very prone to dents. 

Everyone is waiting for the iPhone X anyway... haha."
Another great product from Apple,5,IiPhone 8 has glass screen and glass back. I have the slate grey and the color is really closer to black. Very nice to hold ant the wireless charging is very handy. Vibrant screen color and blazing fast phone!!
Great phone,5,"Solid phone, and a huge upgrade from the iPhone 6 I was using before!"
Best phone option if you like that click feeling,4,This is the phone for people in the apple ecosystem that like a good clicking home button and don’t want to upgrade to the buttonless iPhone X.
Solid upgrade.,4,"Upgrading from the iPhone six will not immediately jump out as a huge change. But the added response of the processor made it well worth it. I would not pay full price, but with the buy one get the second free deal, it was a steal at 400."
Love it,5,Great buy! Super fast! Blew the competition out of the water!
Unspactacular,3,"Apple has made changes that are counter intuitive and not very smart. I don't like that. Even though it was backed up from my old iphone, the backup froze and geek squad had no idea why. All of my photos and all of my music has disappeared and on line directions to fix it on itunes seem to be useless for the new phone that I bought."
Of course it's a good product!,5,The 8 is everything you've come to expect for an iPhone. Upgraded from a 6 because of the wireless charging and the waterproofing and I'm super glad I did. Another good iPhone evolution.
great iphone,5,"much quicker, faster, brighter, awesome camera, really like it."
Awesome iPhone,5,So awesome 256gb you can’t go wrong I bought it for myself and my wife very great product
Perfect size,5,LOVE it! It has everything I need and everything I want. I got the one with a ton of storage too
Amazing Phone,5,I love this phone I love the wireless charging in the new glass back I would recommend this phone to anyone who wants to think about buying it the best upgrade I have ever made
I love my iphone,5,"I’m a iPhone lover for life, and the upgrade from my 6s to the 8 works great!"
Super fast!,5,It’s like holding a 13” MacBook Pro in my hand.. super fast!
Well it's an iPhone,5,Like all the iPhones before it's great. I would recommend to even my enemies.
Great smartphone,5,"The usual Apple quality, with wireless charging ! Like to use the charging pad !"
Great phone but the price!,4,Replaced the 6 with this. Added features and screen are nice. Definitely and upgrade. My reason for not 5 stars is the price. >$800 for a phone??? Would never believed I pay that much.
Upgrade from 5S to 8 (Finally),5,"I've been hesistent on upgrading from my 5S due to the size of the 8. However, after 4 years of owning the 5S - the 8 is great upgrade. The memory from a limited 16GB to a 256 GB and the process speed is a huge improvement. I don't know about the 6, 6S or 7 but I'm fairly happy with the 8. Here's to another 4 years!"
Iphone 8 plus,5,"Looks are the same for the previous one, but the 8 is more faster love my iphone 8."
Love it!,5,The best part is the added storage and the quality of the camera.
Great Phone,5,The phone is great. Strong and made well. Great Apple product as usual.
The Iphone 8 is definity an upgrade in performance,5,"The Iphone 8 is a upgrade from the Iphone 7, this phone was easy to set up and transfer from teh previous version with many more features."
Another great iPhone,5,Bought this instead of the new X This phone is fast and super easy to use. Plenty of storage
Decent Phone,4,but I do not see any clear difference between the iPhone8 or its predecessors. Save your money and get the iPhone 6 or 7 instead.
Solid,4,Phone is Great. Battery life is best I’ve seen from and iPhone yet. Also the glass seems to be stronger. Time will tell.
Great Phone,5,This is an awesome phone. I would highly recommend it!
Awesome phone,5,"Great help, great product, love Best Buy, I never leave unhappy"
Returned it.,5,I liked the phone but decided an 8 Plus was a better fit for me. I like the bigger screen! I never thought I would like the bigger screen but I do! The 8 doesn’t have the advanced camera.
"Tons of Memory, Fast Processing",4,Very fast compared to iPhone 6s that we replaced; great memory capacity - don't need to worry about photos taking up all of the memory.
Great phone,5,My iphone6 had a terrible battery life Love how my new phone lasts all day long without needing to be recharged.
Iphone,5,Always have been an iPhone fan. This phone replaced my 5s
It Is made By Apple!,5,No matter what the Android owners that I know say about the IPhone they just don't get it. Apple products just work well with each other not like the other Phones that are out there.
Great phone,5,My 2nd i phone i upgraded from the 6s. Great speed and battery life is way way better. I can almost go a day and a half without needing to be charged. Camera is also a def upgrade. Im very happy with the 8
works great,4,Bestbuy transfered contents of Samsung phone to new iPhone.
Typical iPhone,4,"I have always loved my iPhones, this is my 4th and they just keep getting better! Picture quality is great, no crashing, everything is running smoothly!"
Phone Problems,3,"There are several bugs in this new release of the iPhone 8 such as static when dialing the phone, low volume levels as well as difficulties entering pass codes to numbers dialed. Some applications transferred from the iPhone 5 are difficult to open. The phone has a faster processor which is a big plus."
Nice but,4,Wish there would have been better instructions on setup included. Several things I would have done differently if I had really understood what I was selecting/doing.
gifted this phone to a friend,5,He has had them in the past and is overjoyed.Being blind this is the only phone that navigates and fills his needs.
Best Iphone of all,5,We have had nothing but Iphones over the years and this is the best Iphone they have put out.
Great phone,5,I had the iPhone 6s Plus before. Wanted something smaller. The phone is great. Tried the note 8. It just too used to iOS. Love this one.
Works great.,5,The new iPhone works as well as the others and is a good successor to the previous model.
love my new iphone,4,"I love my new iPhone 8 its great, awesome features, battery lasts all day and lots of storage!!"
Better than Expected,5,I upgraded from a 6S to 8 and am very happy with the migration. The battery in my 6S was failing and I could not wait for the X. The reviews of the 8 were positive so I decided to go ahead and buy the 8 and consider the XI after all the kinks had been worked out of the new technologies in the X.
Best iPhone yet,5,The iPhone 8 is the best iPhone yet. I recommend it to everyone.
Nice,5,Got this for a friend and she loves The price is a little high but worth it to make a friend happy
Great smartphone,5,Fast and nice smartphone. Took a while to download all my iCloud files. Liked buying at BestBuy better than at Apple.
iPhone 8,5,The phone has been great. The extra memory has been good because I take a lot of pictures and the camera is probably the best camera in a phone.
Great phone,5,"I bought this as a gift for my son. He is very happy with all operations of phone. He also has Apple watch , and the phone increase the usage of the watch."
Chip is Fast,5,"Upgraded from a 5S, super fast chip! Night and day!!"
Great upgrade,5,Huge difference from an iPhone 6. Very much worth the price.
Great phone (maybe),4,"I've owned a lot of iPhones. Having some glitches with this iPhone 8. Gonna give it a few days, maybe need to exchange. Maybe a faulty device. Freezing, horrible front facing camera picture."
Great phone,4,"Not particularly innovative, but a very nice upgrade from Apple. Very quick. Good battery life."
Awesome,5,It was fast and great employee I would continue to buy more stuff online
works great,5,you shouldnt need my review. you should know what to expect from apple products.
Great phone for anyone,5,It is much faster than the 7 with a great color display
Great IPhone,5,I love the phone. I upgraded from the 6s and wanted to stay with a familiar design. The phone is extremely fast when completing tasks.
Great phone,4,Great phone and long lasting battery with good camera
